Clarify Parameter Table Scan usage in documentation (#10271)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/relational-databases/showplan-logical-and-physical-operators-reference.md

> | :::image type="icon" source="media/showplan-logical-and-physical-operators-reference/icon-parameter-table-scan.png" border="false"::: | **Parameter Table Scan** | The **Parameter Table Scan** operator scans a table that is acting as a parameter in the current query. Typically, this is used for `INSERT ... EXECUTE` queries.<br /><br />**Parameter Table Scan** is a logical and physical operator. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| :::image type="icon" source="media/showplan-logical-and-physical-operators-reference/icon-parameter-table-scan.png" border="false"::: | **Parameter Table Scan** | The **Parameter Table Scan** operator reads the internal rowset that's produced during an `INSERT ... EXEC` statement. This rowset contains the output of the executed module, such as a stored procedure or dynamic SQL batch, when those results are inserted into a table, temporary table, or table variable.<br /><br />**Parameter Table Scan** is a logical and physical operator. |
```

> | :::image type="icon" source="media/showplan-logical-and-physical-operators-reference/icon-parameter-table-scan.png" border="false"::: | **Parameter Table Scan** | The **Parameter Table Scan** operator scans a table that is acting as a parameter in the current query. Typically, this is used for `INSERT` ... `EXECUTE` queries.<br /><br />**Parameter Table Scan** is a logical and physical operator. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| :::image type="icon" source="media/showplan-logical-and-physical-operators-reference/icon-parameter-table-scan.png" border="false"::: | **Parameter Table Scan** | The **Parameter Table Scan** operator scans a table that is acting as a parameter in the current query. Typically, this is used for `INSERT ... EXECUTE` queries.<br /><br />**Parameter Table Scan** is a logical and physical operator. |
```
